you know from time to time here in
Hollywood we like to have a little bit
of fun with the folks who pass our
studio every day people are walking by
and whenever we put some on a TV they
sign a legal release that says they're
okay with doing that they sign their
name on a form and we're good to go most
people don't even bother really to read
the form they trust us I guess so today
we decided to put that trust to the test
to find out just how much these people
would endure for a chance to be on TV
[Music]
this is just a standard release so we
could show you on television am I gonna
have be asked something where I look
like an idiot I don't think so
you just put your John Hancock right on
that yep we put the pen on a croc so
that people don't steal it okay that's
your name right there it's a couple
quick questions so that we could show
you your likeness on there participant
agrees the production company called
your voice in perpetuity it's all those
airs you're asked to refrain from any
voicemail messages for next week two
Sundays during filming participant
understands that all heretofore mention
questions subjects may or may not be
fully taken out of context
I've knowledge in at some point during
the interview I may be asked to defend
dr. Bill Cosby yes
in the event that I'm suddenly
incapacitated during the interview and
end up in a vegetative state unable to
make decisions for myself I grant ABC
the right to pull the plug if need be
and a DNR that which do not resuscitate
also a power of attorney over your
affairs okay that agrees to waive their
right to various things if you could
physically waive your right to an
attorney
you waive waive your rights and medical
assistance and a comfort pet any or Audi
any okay okay and with our GPS we just
can't if you turn your head just a
little bit
we just need to implant a small GPS
tracking device on you this is just way
too small just small GPS tracking device
that goes behind it yet we won't feel
it's just a quick pinch it's easier then
you can just give us your phone number
let's go ahead and create some unique
security questions for you what's the
name of the street you grew up on
Anderson okay what was the name of your
first pet claw okay how old were you and
you lost your virginity
[Music]
32 years ago yeah
this is just it for identification
purposes we just need a cheek Brett yeah
either cheek is fine okay
any allergies to seafood hold this just
hold it okay okay can we check your
teeth just to make sure your camera
ready for teeth check your gums if
that's okay
starting with the back molar one two
three four we got a deep pocket on
number six - participant agrees to have
temperature taken either orally or
rectally orally if we could just get you
to put that on your tongue that is one
of the or all wait no no that's a rectal
one sighs are you okay if you get a
stool over here real quick let's go
ahead and get that shoe off it
all right you can bend your knee little
bit for me okay we're gonna go ahead and
so I have you at I'll be at about a
seven half to eight okay I had a seven
and a half let's give these a shot and
see how they feel okay just just hold
the banana participant agrees not to
make any sudden movements around the
gorilla let me go ahead and get you to
look right in the camera and say I am
NOT defined by my diarrhea
my diarrhea I have not defined by my
diarrhea
did you see behind your ear for a second
this is just a small GPS tracking device
we put it it's easy it's in case you
change your phone number
we're just leaving the fight just take
two seconds
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy